Well come back in this video we are going to check out how to find elements in HVM L and how to extract
information from a female file to do this with this the HDMI file with beautiful soup.
Now you can of course check out this link and you will find beautiful soup and the documentation gives
us some more information on how to QuickStart.
So here's an aged him El document.
It's just an example of an 20:00 document that has some content in it.
And in order to run it through beautiful soob we can simply go ahead and use.
Wow.
Beautiful soup beautiful soup has plenty of cool features which will make it a lot easier for us to
work with aged female and to use it as we please.
So I'd say let's go right into it and create our first little beautiful soup object.
So in order to use beautiful soup we need to use the following.
B from B S for import view the full soup.
So in order to use it you have to do that and then you can use an AGM l file and you can even follow
the same structure that we have here which says female dog.
Then you have three times two quotations or three quotation marks which open it up and three quotation
marks which close it up and in between you have all the HVM Alcoa's.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to keep it very simple I'm going to create my own age HTML code
so I'm going to say something like.
As you can see here page to email and then equals three quotation marks.
And then here I have my aged him Alcoa's.
So I'm going to say something like opening H-2A mail tag and closing aged female tech in between.
I would like to have the body.
So a closing body tag and a word or an opening and closing body tag and then I would just like to have
some very basic paragraphs.
So Huyen Hey paragraph and closing P-TECH.
And then as well and another P-TECH here which says something like I am.
And another paragraph.
So nothing too fancy here very basic email code and you probably remember that from the last video we
used.
Very similar page HTML code.
And now we have this little H-2 email object where does aged team L. var..
And now we can use that in order to put it into or use beautiful soup in order to put it in a specific
format so I can just say something like Doc is going to be beautyful soup HVM well thought.
And then I use XML parser and you can also find that here in beautiful soups so you will find that same
thing here soup beautiful soup HDMI dark actually more parser's so that you know dog is just is a team
of document and it could be a whole document it doesn't even have to be some variable that we created
ourselves.
It could be a document that we download.
For example the document that we get from this web site but I want to start with a very simple example
here.
And I created a document out of it.
So a dock and then I can go through this talk in the following way so I can use a for loop for example
for P and Doc thought find all.
And there is this cool method here which is called Find all.
And then I can say OK find all the tags in there and then print the text.
So if I execute that currently I'm having an error because I didn't execute the code before and now
I can execute it so execute this cell and then that cell and as you can see I am in paragraph and I
am another paragraph.
Why do I get this information.
Well that's because I have this HMO variable which I have created here then I'm using beautiful soob
which uses an aged female parser which is just a way of cutting pretty much through our file that we're
checking here.
Our variable here in this case it's just an variable that stores it.
This beautiful soup stores the object and dock and now we can use this for loop in order to go through
the stock.
And we want to find all of the paragraphs that's what we're saying here.
And then we're just printing the p.
So each and every single paragraph and from that we want to add the text so we printed text from that
paragraph onto our console here.
So of course I could have gone ahead and printed Doc taught find all are let's actually print doc as
you can see it prints me the whole document and a specific format see this Ajram a buddy and so forth
then I can use find all on to that one and I can search for all peace and as you can see now it gives
me all the tags.
P I'm another I'm paragraph and another paragraph and this.
It went through all of them so I checked.
OK.
First paragraph second paragraph and it gave me not the paragraph itself but the actual text of the
paragraph.
So the content of this paragraph tag.
So this doc by the way it's an object of the beautiful super class.
So with this we're calling the constructor of beautiful soup.
And we hand over an H T and L and a parser and this female is paid ASTM a box so you can see that if
you check it out here.
All right good.
So that's just the first part.
And you can read through the documentation of course as you can see a very long documentation containing
all different kinds of information which can be very relevant.
And we are going to use some of it in order to get what we need.
All right so now let's really quickly check out this Web site once again and I want to view the page
source.
So the Web site that I provided you with Python or Brushville the program that I O and in here what
you see is that you have these div tags and so forth and very often you see this class thing.
So this for example is a class container or a clause.
There are clear clear fix or class never item and so forth.
So what these clauses do is they are there in order to change the behavior or the appearance of a specific
call or aspect of this website.
So in this case we're talking about a UL.
This is a UL tag which has a class now.
Another class Neph pills.
Another class will flow.
Right.
You don't need to understand what those class names do but what the class in general does is there is
some definition for neth which says what should happen with something that is called Never order that
that has this class neph.
So for example it could be a navigation then could be an obligation pills could have some dots or something
like that and this unordered list has multiple list elements.
And here it has the class saying Nev. item so Ally stands for list element or one list element within
the unordered list or list item pretty much Eliason for list item.
So this class is Neph item.
So a navigation item so it will look like a navigation item and that's what is defined within this class.
Ok I'm not going to go too deep into this but for you just to know there are specific classes and those
classes they define how something looks and if we look at our structure you see that this is defined
in a specific way so they all look the same.
So there is this icon or the smiley some header some content and an image and that will be handled by
colossus as well.
So if we look at our card block so you see every time that this thing here comes up so we have this
structured piece of content we have this div class cockblock.
So there is something called Card block and there is this image of this cat and if you check it out
that's this image here.
And that's how you can step by step go through it you can see here it has a span which says something
like polarized modular conglomerate that's useless text but that's what we have here.
So now we see arcade that's right there and this whole thing is what we should check out.
So there's another thing that has the exact same structure and the exact same structure.
So what we could search for is for the specific class and then we would know that everything until the
next class will be part or next class with the same name will be part of one little piece of information
that we want to have.
OK.
So why do I tell you that because we are going to add our own class here real quick.
So you had the class within the opening tag.
So in here within the P-TECH I can add a little class which I'm going to say or call something.
So nothing too fancy just called something and it will do something.
So for example it will look in a specific way that we can define game but we're not going to define
it it's just for you to see and then we can not only printed text of that tag now but we can also print
its attributes so we can say something like.
Print HEG parse which will give us the attributes.
Now you see this line here may actually get rid of this line.
So this line here this Peetie attributes gives me this information.
And that's because it doesn't change.
So let me run it again now.
OK so now you can see that the attributes for the first paragraph says there is an attribute which is
called class and that class attribute has the name something or a list something.
So there could be multiple pieces in here something and some thing else let's say another class is called
something else.
And as you can see now this list is filled with another entry so similar to what we've seen here.
There can be one class which is for the image.
For example we have this little image of this cute little cat.
This image has a class called IMT responsive.
So this popular image is going to be responsive.
And this image is going to float towards the right.
So there are two classes you open and that's the cool thing and what you can do with beautiful soup
you can very easily filter it by those kind of attributes are filtered by those kind of information
and that will help us later on in order to catch the website down and only display the information that
we need and in order to understand what I was just talking about more efficiently I'd say we check it
out.
See is as selectors in the next video.
And in the following video and afterwards we going to go back to that and we will use our little program
here our little crawler and extend that.
So I see you in the next video.